# Cats-and-dogs-game
 The game has two players (you and an adversary). The adversary has a four letter word in mind which she picks from the list given here. The adversary is allowed to pick only words without repeating alphabets. For instance the adversary cannot pick ’LOSS’. You know this list and your goal is to guess the specific word the adversary has chosen. The game proceeds in rounds and in every round you are allowed to guess a four letter word from the list which also does not have any repeating alphabets. The adversary then gives you feedback in the form of two ordered numbers: a number C indicating the number of Cats in your guess and a number D indicating the number of Dogs in your guess. A Cat is an alphabet which is common to both your guess and the adversary’s chosen word but is not in the same position. A Dog is an alphabet which is common to both your guess and the adversary’s chosen word and also is in the same position. For example if the adversary’s word is ’COLD’ and your guess is ’LAST’, the adversary would say ’1C 0D’ indicating that there is one Cat in your guess (namely the alphabet ’L’ which has moved to a different position ) and no dogs. If your guess had been ’CLAD’, the adversary would say ’1C 2D’ indicating that there is 1 Cat (namely ’L’) and 2 Dogs (namely ’C’ and ’D’) in your guess. Note that the adversary does not tell you which alphabets are Cats and which are dogs but just gives you 2 numbers indicating the number of Cats and Dogs.

The goal is to develop an algorithm which will try to guess the adversary’s word as quickly
as possible. The algorithm will be judged based on the average number of guesses it takes
to guess where the average is over all possible words the adversary is allowed to choose from
